Update wireguard-client-mullvad.rst (#349)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/wireguard-client-mullvad.rst

the **DNS** to 193.138.218.74. This is the one MulladVPN provides for privacy.

Now go to the WireGuard server list_ and choose the one you like to use as your breakout. Write down it's
public key and set it as **Public Key**.

> Also don't forget **Endpoint Address** and **Endpoint Port**. The **Endpoint Port** is 51820. The **Endpoint Address** will depend on which Mullvad server you wish to use. For example, if you want to use the "nl1-wireguard" server, the **Endpoint Address** will be :code:`nl1-wireguard.mullvad.net`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also do not forget **Endpoint Address** and **Endpoint Port**. The **Endpoint Port** is 51820. The **Endpoint Address** will depend on which Mullvad server you wish to use. For example, if you want to use the "nl1-wireguard" server, the **Endpoint Address** will be :code:`nl1-wireguard.mullvad.net`.
```

for technical docs it is best to avoid „don‘t“ et al
